README.md, before:

# 11-Note-Taker

## User Story

AS A small business owner
I WANT to be able to write and save notes
SO THAT I can organize my thoughts and keep track of tasks I need to complete

## Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN a note-taking application
WHEN I open the Note Taker
THEN I am presented with a landing page with a link to a notes page
WHEN I click on the link to the notes page
THEN I am presented with a page with existing notes listed in the left-hand column, plus empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column
WHEN I enter a new note title and the note’s text
THEN a "Save Note" button and a "Clear Form" button appear in the navigation at the top of the page
WHEN I click on the Save button
THEN the new note I have entered is saved and appears in the left-hand column with the other existing notes and the buttons in the navigation disappear
WHEN I click on an existing note in the list in the left-hand column
THEN that note appears in the right-hand column and a "New Note" button appears in the navigation
WHEN I click on the "New Note" button in the navigation at the top of the page
THEN I am presented with empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column and the button disappears


## Video Link

Tutorial Video: 

## Sources



## About Me

For more checkout my github: https://github.com/Bwainuna

Commit message:

Edited and updated the README with Deployments, sources, and screenshot of the application

README.md, after:

# 11-Note-Taker

## User Story

AS A small business owner
I WANT to be able to write and save notes
SO THAT I can organize my thoughts and keep track of tasks I need to complete

## Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN a note-taking application
WHEN I open the Note Taker
THEN I am presented with a landing page with a link to a notes page
WHEN I click on the link to the notes page
THEN I am presented with a page with existing notes listed in the left-hand column, plus empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column
WHEN I enter a new note title and the note’s text
THEN a "Save Note" button and a "Clear Form" button appear in the navigation at the top of the page
WHEN I click on the Save button
THEN the new note I have entered is saved and appears in the left-hand column with the other existing notes and the buttons in the navigation disappear
WHEN I click on an existing note in the list in the left-hand column
THEN that note appears in the right-hand column and a "New Note" button appears in the navigation
WHEN I click on the "New Note" button in the navigation at the top of the page
THEN I am presented with empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column and the button disappears


## Deployment and Repo Links

https://11-note-taker-production-ed8b.up.railway.app/notes

https://github.com/Bwainuna/11-Note-Taker

## Screenshots

![Notes Deployment Screenshot](<Images/Screenshot 2023-10-27 235057.png>)

## Sources

Express Documentation https://expressjs.com/en/5x/api.html

ChatGPT by OpenAI @ https://openai.com/blog/chatgpt

## About Me

For more checkout my github: https://github.com/Bwainuna
